h1. MyBatisPlay

This module allows you to use MyBatis persistence framework with play. This version no longer includes MyBatis source, since the issue #530 has been fixed and the previous patch is not necessary anymore.

* It will detect changes to the xml configuration files and reinitialize the SqlSessionFactory

h2. What's new?

* Removed MyBatis source code
* MyBatis dependency must be defined in your application dependencies.yml file

h2. Sample application

There is a sample in  @samples-and-tests/mybatisapp@ folder.

@cd@ to that directory and run:

bc. play test
    
go to http://localhost:9000/@tests and run @GuestBookMapperTest@    

h2. Getting started

To install MyBatisPlay add it as a dependency in your dependencies.yml file; also you must add MyBatis dependency too:

bc. require:
      - org.mybatis -> mybatis 3.1.1 # in the future, you could probably use any version greater than 3.1.1 
      - play -> mybatisplay {version}

h2. Configuration

Define these minimum settings in @application.conf@ 

h3. Database settings

bc. db.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/mydb
db.driver=com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
db.user=dbuser
db.pass=dbpass

h3. MyBatis configuration location

bc. mybatis.configuration=mybatis/configuration.xml

     
You can base your configuration.xml file on this template:

bc. <configuration>
  <environments default="development">
    <environment id="development">
      <transactionManager type="JDBC" />
      <dataSource type="POOLED">
        <property name="driver" value="${driver}"/>
        <property name="url" value="${url}"/>
        <property name="username" value="${user}"/>
        <property name="password" value="${pass}"/>
      </dataSource>
    </environment>
  </environments>
</configuration>    


See the included sample for a full example or the MyBatis Docs for details.

h2. Usage

You can get access to a @SqlSessionFactory@ anywhere in your code by simply caling @IbatisSessionFactory.get()@

bc. SqlSession session = IbatisSessionFactory.get().openSession();

h2. Known issues

When starting play app from eclipse you'll get this stacktrace:

bc. 22:12:28,442 play.Logger.niceThrowable(Logger.java:570) - 570 ERROR ~ Error loading plugin LoadingPluginInfo{name='mybatisplay.plugins.MyBatisPlugin', index=1010, url=file:/D:/java/projects/eclipse-projects/play-mmr-ticketing/eclipse/classes/play.plugins}
java.lang.IllegalStateException: This plugin has already been initialized
    at mybatisplay.plugins.MyBatisPlugin.<init>(MyBatisPlugin.java:37)
	at java.lang.Class.newInstance0(Class.java:355)
	at java.lang.Class.newInstance(Class.java:308)
	at play.plugins.PluginCollection.loadPlugins(PluginCollection.java:158)
	at play.Play.init(Play.java:294)
	at play.server.Server.main(Server.java:158)

This happens because eclipse copies play.plugins to the classes folder and play is trying to load the plugin twice.
Just ignore this exception.
